clarify how to filter on MemberOfGroup property (#9650)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/docs-conceptual/recipientfilter-properties.md

|_MaxSendSize_|_submissionContLength_|Dynamic distribution groups: A byte quantified size value (for example, `50MB`). Unqualified values are treated as bytes. <br> Others: Blank or non-blank.||
|_MemberDepartRestriction_|_msExchGroupDepartRestriction_|`Closed` (0), `Open` (1), or `ApprovalRequired` (2).||
|_MemberJoinRestriction_|_msExchGroupDepartRestriction_|`Closed` (0), `Open` (1), or `ApprovalRequired` (2).||

> |_MemberOfGroup_|_memberOf_|String (wildcards accepted in dynamic distribution groups).|Must use the DistinguishedName. And only works with groups recognized by Exchange. Azure AD security groups do not work for this property.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|_MemberOfGroup_|_memberOf_|String (wildcards accepted in dynamic distribution groups).|You must use the DistinguishedName. It only works with groups recognized by Exchange. Azure AD security groups do not work for this property.|
```
